Shhh! Shhh!
We caught the bitch!
Please don't hurt me.
Who are you?
Somebody please, help me.
Please. I just want to go home.
Daddy?
Daddy, why are you doing this to me?
- Who are these people?
- Look, they're good people.
They're--they're here to help.
What are you talking about? Where's Mom?
Mommy's dead, baby. You know that.
You killed her.
- What?
- You did.
No. Why are you saying these things?
Daddy, please, I just want to go home.
I just want to go home.
- I'm so sorry, baby.
- Daddy, what is that?
No!
Daddy, Daddy, look at me. It's me.
I just want you to hold me
and take me home. Please.
Please, stop.
I will rip your soul out, Daddy.
I'll rip your soul out, you pathetic fuck!
Motherfucker, I will kill you
like I killed your wife!
Fuck!
I love you. baby.
Hey. How's it going,
Mr. Hot Shit city boy?
- Hey, Olivia.
- Come here.
Two arms, please, like you missed me.
- This is my girl, Natalie.
- Oh, the heart breaker from your car shop.
The doctor.
- Actually, she's--
- I'm a registered nurse.
Nurse, right, sorry. That's--
You were supposed to be here
two hours ago, man.
And that's our irresistibly charming Eric.
Teaching high school finally
turned you into a bitter old coot, huh?
No, you did.
Kept us waiting here all morning.
Good to see you too, man. Come here.
Look good.
She's waiting for you in the back.
Great.
Hey, Mia.
I'll be damned.
You actually came.
Come on, I'm your big brother.
Of course I came.
I know I look like roadkill.
You look beautiful, as always.
And you're a charming liar, as always.
Grandpa?
Hey. Hey, there, buddy.
We always loved this place, didn't we?
He missed you a lot, you know.
- Oh, my God.
- What?
- What is that?
Just this right here, what are you?
That's not funny.
This is, uh,
it's made from a buckthorn tree.
It's supposed to make your will stronger.
But I thought you didn't
believe in that kind of stuff.
I don't, but you do so, maybe it'll work.
Okay.
Well then, let's do this.
Promise me
you'll stay with me until the end.
- I'm not going anywhere.
- Cross your heart.
Okay.
Hope to die.
May my friends
and family witness this act.
An irrevocable promise
to my commitment that...
Fuck it.
I promise not to touch this shit
ever again.
Okay.
Let's play cold turkey.
Hopefully this still works.
Wait.
Looks like someone broke in.
Be careful.
What is that smell?
Teenagers probably just broke in
here to drink beer, bump uglies.
Exactly.
Mom would have hated
seeing the cabin like this.
Okay.
Let's make this place livable.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Do you remember that lullaby
Mom used to sing us?
It was something like...
"Baby, little baby,
it's time to say goodbye.
- Baby, little baby--"
- Mia, please.
I don't think you need sad memories
in your head right now.
- Mom's not a sad one.
- You know what I mean.
You know in
our final days at the hospital,
Mom sometimes thought I was you.
She even called me David
for a whole day once and
- I played along, 'cause...
- Mia, look. I wanted to be there.
Okay? I did.
By the time Mom got bad, I had just
gotten the job at the garage in Chicago.
I don't know, I had I had a hard time
finding the right moment to come back.
And then it was too late, so...
Maybe you were lucky.
Not to see her the way that I did.
Looks like she's doing okay.
David, there's something you need to know.
Okay.
We already tried this whole thing
back in Flint last summer.
Mia made the same promises.
She...took the same
dramatic vow of sobriety
before chucking her dope down the toilet.
She lasted eight hours and quit.
So we don't want to give her that chance
this time.
What do you mean?
David, when she breaks,
and believe me, she will,
we don't wanna let her leave.
What do you mean,
you wanna force her to stay here? Mia?
This time, the only way
is the hard way, man.
- She won't survive another OD.
- What?
Mia ODed?
She didn't just OD.
Legally, your sister died.
They had to defibrillate her.
Jesus.
Look, we all need to be together on this,
otherwise it won't work.
I came here to make things
better with my sister, not worse.
If she asks me to take her home
at some point, I'm gonna have to do it.
Fuck!
I can't stand it! I can't stand it!
- What smell? What smell?
- I can't stand it!
What the fuck is that smell?
I know, I know.
I can't stand
that fucking smell anymore!
Lie down, okay?
We're here for you. I know, I know.
We're all here. We're all here.
We're not going anywhere.
Withdrawal's kicking in hard.
This should help you
get through the night.
I don't know
what is wrong with you people,
but there is something dead and it reeks.
- But there's no smell.
- You're just extra sensitive right now.
I just can't stand
that fucking smell anymore.
Wait.
Oh, is that blood?
What's your medical diagnosis now?
It fucking stinks.
Shit, careful.
These steps are old and rotten.
Yeah,
like this whole freaking house.
Smells like burnt hair.
I think it's back there.
Oh my God.
- What is this?
- I don't--I don't know. Witchcraft?
Who would do this?
Something burned here.
Look.
Shit man, what the fuck happened here?
Let's not go crazy over this, okay?
I'll bury those dead cats
out back later.
Yeah.
- Smell'll be gone in no time.
- Yeah, okay.
And what about
the voodoo shit they did down there?
No, no, no, no. Voodoo is
more about dolls, personal artifacts.
- This is something different.
- Eric. That's enough.
You shouldn't have touched
anything from that basement.
"Naturom Demon to."”
Leave this book...
He is watching.
Shatter their bones,
they deserve it.
Don't say it, don't...
"Kunda."
"Astratta."
"Montosse."
"Canda."
Please, God.
Give me a break.
- What are you doing?
- I'm sorry,
but I have to get out of here right now.
No, come on, slumber party isn't over yet.
Yeah, we still haven't played
"Fuck, Marry, Kill," right?
Mia, please, look, Mia--
I'm going insane here.
Olivia, I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Mia, what is it?
I will go through with this, okay?
I just, I can't do it here.
Mia.
We've decided
we're not gonna take you back.
We can't lose you again.
You're gonna have to stick it out
this time.
David, drive me home.
Come on, David.
Mia.
Maybe they're right.
You were supposed to be here
to support me.
- Not them.
- I'm here for you, Mia,
- that's why I can't--
- Oh, my God.
I am such an idiot to think for once
in my life I could count on you.
Mia, we're just trying to help you.
Yeah, well, fuck you very much.
Eric, leave her alone.
Mia.
Mia!
Perfect.
Fuck this, fuck, fuck, fuck!
Fuck. Fuck!
What the fuck am I doing?
Mia!
- Mia!
Mia.
Mia!
- Mia!
- Shit.
Oh, my God.
Hey, how's she doing?
Um, she's talking about a woman in
the woods. How the force attacked her.
I don't know,
it's just crazy withdrawal talk.
Well, don't you think we should take her
to a hospital?
I feel like we're in over our heads here.
Okay, I am giving her the exact same
treatment she would get at a hospital.
If we leave now, all of this mess
will have been for nothing.
Okay, what about the wounds on her arms?
I pulled some thorns out.
It looks like she might have
run into a thorn bush out there.
She probably did it on purpose.
What?
David.
From now on, she is gonna do
whatever it takes to get out of here.
Mia.
Listen, you gotta get out of those
clothes. All right? Take a shower.
David.
Please.
You have to get me out of here.
Mia, nobody said this was gonna be easy.
No.
You don't understand.
There was something in the woods, David.
And I think it's in here with us now.
With me in the room?
Look you know, it's all in your head.
Just try to get it together.
You'll feel better tomorrow, okay?
You'll be glad we were such assholes.
Okay.
Eric, what are you doing?
Please, would you just
get rid of that thing?
You should be downstairs
helping your friend clean up that mess.
I don't know who you're talking about.
Come on, don't act like
you don't care about him. I know you do.
Well, I think we can all agree
he hasn't cared about us
for the past freaking century.
Well, he's here now.
Yeah.
Truly amazing.
Grandpa.
Grandpa!
Grandpa. Come here, boy.
Fuck.
Grandpa.
No, no, no.
Hey, boy. Come on, boy.
What did you get into?
Fuck.
What happened?
- Mia?
- She's in the shower.
What happened? David?
Mia.
Mia, open the door.
- Mia, open the door!
- David.
David, stop!
Tell me what's going on.
Mia! Mia, open the fucking door!
Mia!
- Mia, open the fucking door!
- David!
- David.
David!
Mia!
Mia.
Olivia!
Holy shit!
Mia!
This is insane.
Fuck, where is it?
This can't be happening.
I, um, I...I gave her a sedative so
she should be out for a couple of hours.
But, fuck, her burns are serious.
Like, second, third degree.
This is so wrong.
Well, nobody could have known
she would do something so twisted.
No, you should have known.
We've all been following
your lead since we got here.
- We should have left when Mia wanted to.
- Baby, please.
Okay, let's not lose our heads. Okay?
With any luck,
it'll stop raining in a couple of hours,
and we'll be able to cross the creek
in the morning and take her to a hospital.
Okay? Everything's gonna be fine.
"Everything's gonna be fine"?
Everything's gonna be fine.
I don't know if you've noticed this,
but--but nothing has been fine.
And everything's been getting worse
every second.
Mia?
What are you doing?
Mia, put the gun down.
Put the gun down, please.
Mia!
Put the fucking gun down!
You will die!
One by one we will take you!
You are all going to die tonight.
Get the gun. The gun, quick!
Baby?
Mia!
Let me out!
- She's totally psychotic.
- My God, what happened to her eyes?
What's she doing?
Sounds like she's hitting herself
against something.
This is impossible.
I just gave her enough sedative
to put a horse to sleep.
You can give her another shot.
That could put her into a coma.
For Christ's sakes, Olivia,
she's gonna kill herself down there.
Go get the shot.
I got to get the shrapnel out of my arm.
I have tweezers in my purse.
David, listen to me.
I--I--I don't think
a tranquilizer is gonna do shit.
Because I don't think we're
dealing with a freaking panic attack here.
I'm scared that what's happening
to Mia has something to do with
the fucking witchcraft in the basement.
Olivia?
Olivia.
Are you okay?
Olivia?
Olivia? What are you doing in there?
Olivia.
Are you okay?
Oh, my God!
Why the fuck did you do that?
She tried to kill me.
She was trying to kill me.
Hold that, you got it?
Hold it there. Okay? Hold it.
Fuck it.
David.
I did something terrible.
I'm sure you didn't mean to hurt her.
That thing I killed was not Olivia.
He's losing too much blood.
Baby, he needs water and sugar.
Okay? Go. Go!
Okay.
- All right.
- David.
I read a passage from that book
and it was some sort of prayer.
I released something, David.
I released something evil.
Natalie?
Mia?
What am I doing down here?
My leg hurts.
I can't move.
I'm gonna come down there, okay?
Why did you lock me down here?
You were supposed to help me.
Hey, we're trying to help, okay?
You were out of control, you know?
You got violent and
we didn't know what else to do.
Mia.
Look, something really terrible
has happened
and we have to get out of here now, okay?
You don't understand.
He's not going to let you leave!
And he's not gonna stop till he has you.
Until he has all of you!
Please.
I can smell your filthy soul.
Kiss me, you dirty cunt!
Why don't you come down here
so I and suck your cock, pretty boy?
Mia.
Mia's not here, you fucking idiot!
Your little sister's being raped in hell.
I wanna go home.
Eric.
I don't know why,
but I thought this would end it.
But this book does not burn.
It does not fucking burn.
Tell me what's going on here.
This book uses some...
ancient alphabet, there's some
translations, but just scattered notes.
They all refer to some...
evil entity, uh, the Taker of Souls.
Demon.
It says...
"Once he feasts on five souls,
the sky will bleed again and
the abomination will rise from hell."
This is insane.
This thing is attached to Mia's soul
like a leech.
It's becoming her.
If we want to stop this,
if we want to help Mia...
Kill her.
...I think we're gonna have to kill her.
- What did you say?
- It--everything say--
Eric! We're not gonna
fucking kill anybody!
Are you listening to yourself?
What about those dead cats
down in the basement?
I mean, maybe they had some disease.
I mean, some virus that it spread to Mia
and then she--she passed it to Olivia
when she puked all over her face.
What kind of a virus makes a person
cut off their face with a piece of glass?
Oh, God. Oh, God.
I don't know what
we're dealing with here, okay?
But it stopped raining and in a couple
hours, the river will be clear.
And we're gonna get out of this place.
All of us.
It doesn't matter where we go.
If we don't do something right now,
we're all gonna be dead by then!
Don't do it, you little bitch,
don't cut it off!
- Don't cut it off.
- Fuck you.
No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No!
I had to do it.
And I feel much better now.
Hold on, baby, hold on, please.
Okay, Eric and I, we're gonna...
we're gonna put a stop to this, okay?
I promise that everything's
going to be fine, okay? Okay.
She just cut her fucking arm off.
Does that sound fine?
These inscriptions are confusing,
sometimes contradictory,
they're consistent about one thing.
In order to stop this,
the possessed must be cleansed.
Purified.
The book describes three specific ways.
A live burial.
Live burial.
Bodily dismemberment.
And purification by fire.
You sure this'll work?
If we...
If I kill my sister...
she'll be at peace?
Am I...am I sure? Of course not,
this is not a science book.
Look, I'm sure of one thing.
Whatever is inside Mia
is the cause of all this.
If she dies,
then this thing is going to die with her.
What if she just lost her mind?
What if she just needs a doctor?
What? A doctor?
My mom died in a mental hospital.
She was crazy.
She was deranged, she was a monster.
I've always feared that me and
Mia would end up like her.
So you're just a fucking coward.
You know exactly what we have to do, but
you're too scared to go through with it.
I'm gonna burn this fucking place down.
I'm gonna end this nightmare.
Why don't you just run away?
Go hide beneath some rock somewhere.
You know, you're great at that.
Oh, shit.
Where the fuck did she go?
Take it before she does.
Stop!
No! No! No!
No! No! No, no, no!
David.
Why are you hurting me?
My face hurts.
Why? Why?
Why does my face hurt?
Baby, baby...
Natalie...
Come on. Come on, man, here we are.
Hey, hey, hey. Hold on.
Don't die on me, please.
Dying wouldn't be so bad right now.
I just don't want
to become the devil's bitch.
I'm gonna do what I gotta do.
I'm gonna do what I gotta do, okay?
Sorry, Mia.
I love you.
♪ Baby, little baby ♪
♪ It's time to say goodbye ♪
♪ I'll miss you day and night ♪
♪ Baby, my sweet baby ♪
♪ I'll write you every day ♪
♪ Baby, don't cry, baby ♪
♪ I wish that I could stay ♪
I can't do this.
Okay.
This time, the only fucking way
is the hard way.
David.
Murderer.
Coward.
Eric.
Hey. Hey.
David.
I missed you, man.
Yeah.
You know that, buddy.
David?
I can't move.
I can't breathe. David!
Help me!
Help me, David!
- You're not her.
- David!
You're not her!
Why do you hate me, David?
I know you do.
You left home.
You left me all alone
with our sick mother.
And I was just a kid.
You made me lie.
Every time she screamed your name,
I told her you were coming to see her.
Like you promised.
But you never did.
Please stop it. I'm begging you.
I know Mother hates you now.
And she waits for you in hell.
Shut up. Shut up.
I'm so sorry.
I should have been there.
I should have been there for you.
Come on. Please, come back.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, Mia, come back to me,
come on, please.
Okay, you're at peace.
You're at peace now.
David?
Mia?
It was so horrible.
It's okay. It's all over now.
Thanks for not leaving me, David.
Wait here. I'm gonna get the car keys.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
- David? ?
- Go!
- Please, no, no, no, no.
- Go. Go!
I'm not gonna go anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere!
Mia, take the keys. Look at me. Let's go.
Come on, come on, let's go.
Get outta here.
No!
No! David!
David! David!
He's coming.
Shit.
Mia.
Come here, bitch!
Come on.
You're gonna die here,
you pathetic junkie.
I've had enough of this shit.
I will feast on your soul.
Feast on this, motherfucker.
Die!
Go back to hell, bitch.
I believe I have made
a significant find in the Candarian Ruins,
a volume of ancient Sumerian burial
practices and funerary incantations.
It is entitled Naturom Demon to.
Roughly translated, Book of the Dead.
The book is bound in human flesh
and inked in human blood.
It deals with demons,
demon resurrection,
and those forces which roam the forest
and dark bowers of man's domain.
The first few pages warned
that these enduring creatures
may lie dormant, but are never truly dead.
They may be recalled to active life
through the incantations
presented in this book.
It is through recitation
of these passages
that the demons are given license
to possess the living.
I have seen the dark shadows
moving in the woods and I have no doubt
that whatever I have resurrected through
this book is sure to come calling for me.
Groovy.